for fantastic this evening begins with an investigation into flying saucers
an ordinance of the Brazilian air force published this week in the official diary
of marriage
according to the necessity of archiving the reports on the so-called
about this
unidentified flying objects
but do flying saucers really exist?
what about ports like these
and the famous case of the actor who would have appeared in varginha
truth or lie
a new destination had access to old documents that had already been released
aeronautics are in the national archive in Brasilia.
drês is considered the number 1 case of Brazil, there are five votes from one disc
flying in the bar of tijuca in rio de janeiro in 1952
they were taken by the pet photographer who is his of the extinct magazine the cruise
circulated in one edition and this year have had a major impact on
Brazil and the world ran
the photos were presented to the military authorities and many
researchers have
this would ultimately prove that aliens visit the earth
really
the researcher claudeir covo finds out that
if there is no photo
we see that the object
2 in note to right beam in the inner environment from right to left
clearly shows that the only
there's no sense in the southern part of Christmas, the singing show
100% with mounting
another document that was stored for decades in the
aeronautics is the dossier of the so-called adult operation conducted by
aeronautics officials in the northeast region of
in 1977 are hundreds of reports and many photos of alleged UFOs
the commander of the operation bradesco who already died
appear here in an interview with the fantastic in 1997
were there
we do not believe
we soon went
Ford reported
but three years ago
a revelation because in doubt operation dish
known as the most formidable collection of documents on disks
flying saucers already collected in Brazil
fernando costa who signs the blog on the internet as fernando da doble era
son of the aeronautical officer responsible for the documentation of
dish operation
and had been tasked by his father to reveal the photos taken by the
aeronautics
in an interview
currently he directs
specialized in furniture
time has closed
but patience
the area preventing any minute point stuck in the film practices look like a
flying saucer
the meeting very productive news published by sbpc
son of a bbc journalist
the closest friends
huambo the nets of varginha in minas gerais'
he would have appeared in 1996 to three witness second girls caught
by the army he always denied history
at the time the case was investigated and disclosed by the researcher as a general rule
that we anticipated we will not abandon the case recently that not all
information is welcome
models will travel back to the place where the two he loves would have been captured
after falling to 11 years of study he says that nothing has been proven
the existence of a series of reports
d alleged appearances of affected flying objects
were rare in the case
the testimonies of people of the most diverse levels
sociocultural there are dozens of
but which are not at all
So that we can leave the sea.
in varginha
something happened
involving a spacecraft from another planet there is no evidence or evidence
of this
the archives of aeronautics also kept a famous sequence of photos
made of trinity island 1200 miles off the coast of holy spirit
the photos were taken by palairo baraúna who already died and appears here
in images made by the fantastic 13 years
to date these photos are considered authentic by many researchers of the
Brazil and abroad despite a detail
of these two photos the image of the disk is identical only that upside down
now for the first time the fantastic disclosed the entity on the avenue
tridade trindade a friend of the family of baraúna reports what she heard from the mouth
the photographer himself
he forced these images was a montage
with the dollar
in comex christmas kitchen
came back
a term or a spacecraft
one dead with a firearm in his house refrigerator he photographed a
refrigerator
with a remuneration
made by the apple as a whole is a silly world demo
the city of barauna is with a niece of him who did not want to record
interview but confirms fraud
but they are in the flying saucers do not exist
this at least one important case in the archives of aeronautics
was never explained
in 1986 the Air Force jets were fired to chase 21 objects
lights that appeared on the radar screens on São Paulo
São José dos Campos, rio de janeiro
and that were seen by the pilots
it's a very strong light
that's how the fantastic news case
this week other Brazilian military authorities have publicly acknowledged
first time at the risk of certain unidentified flying
was
said by the bank itself having objects can not be attentive
that is, they did not have many technical explanations
to define what is one of these objects is today we explained